[Music]
in Gaza
and then
[Music]
in halo and social
tourists southwest of Michèle o all
100 m
everything is there
no
[Music]
Tuesday
let's go
[Music]
yes as much
oh
[Music]
m
m m
no but
feo no impact on the face-off do
not do
us
[Applause]
yes again
you could
m
[Music]
a record
death
young people this effort of man
tel
Théophile act like Whitney Houston
[Music]
valet
oh
the vision but not that
we know
he will sow
media
these values
[Music]
but
Sébastien
[Music]
the lèze calitom
badges of the cases
Christiane
[Applause]
since inches
the second Badiou
[Music]
star
beaten
either
who is in question of
[Music]
this  bagne
its passes
[Music]
news
it's not
[Music]